What’s the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can’t take a joke.
What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair? Rolaids.
What’s black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs? None… he fell.
What’s the best part of sex with a transvestite? Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
What’s the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps? Phelps can finish a race.
I ran into Hitler. I was surprised to see him and asked him what he was up to? He said “This time I am going to kill 6 million Jews and two clowns!” “Two Clowns? Why are you going to kill two clowns?” “See? Nobody cares about zee Jews.”
A white woman and a black man are dancing at a club, and after a while things start to get hot and heavy. After some heavy kissing and petting, the woman makes the suggestion that they return to her apartment for the night. When the couple arrives at the woman’s apartment, they begin passionately kissing and undressing each other, preparing to have frenzied and unrepentant sex with each other. However, the white woman, curious as she was, asked the black guy as he was taking off his pants, “before you take them off….is it true what they say about black guys?” With a suave yet sinister look, he looked into her eyes and said “baby, of course.” He then proceeded to stab her and ran out with her purse.
What’s the difference between an onion and a hooker? I don’t cry when I’m cutting up the hooker.
A guy goes to a whorehouse and tells the madam he only wants to spend 5 bucks. The madam thinks for a bit, then says, “Betsy. She’s down the hall, last door on the left.” The guy walks down, sees Betsy — she’s not the best looking, but she would do. He puts it in and it’s the worst feeling he’s ever had on his dick — like sandpaper and teeth. He pulls out and tells her. “Um. something’s wrong, can you do something about that?” Betsy crinkles her face, then says, “Why of course! But it will run you another five bucks.” She pockets the fiver and goes to the bathroom and is back in no time. The guy puts it back in and now, it’s the complete opposite: it’s the best feeling he’s ever had, and finishes in a flash. Panting, he asks her, “oh my god… that felt amazing… what did you do??” Betsy smiles, and says, “for the extra five bucks, I pick the scabs.”
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose.
What’s a Jew’s biggest dilemma? Free ham.
What do Jewish pedophiles say? “Hey kid, want to buy some candy?”
What’s the worst thing about getting your keys locked in your car outside an abortion clinic? Having to go in to ask for a coat hanger.
Three pregnant women are sitting in a doctors waiting room knitting. Mom 1 checks her watch and takes a pill “Vitamin C, good for mom, good for baby.” Mom 2 takes a pill and says, “Vitamin A, good for mom, good for baby.” Mom 3 takes a pill and says, “Thalidomide…I can’t knit sleeves.”
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn’t come on a boys face until he’s 13.
So I was balls deep in this guy thrusting as hard as I could when I reached around to give him a hand job. Guess what? That fucker had an erection. What. Queer.
A man walks past girl with no arms or legs sitting by a pool. The girl says to the man, “Excuse me sir, I’ve never been fucked and in my condition no one would want to fuck me. Will you please fuck me?” So the man kicks her into the pool and says, “There, you’re fucked.”
A guy called into work and says, Hey, boss!  What’s the difference between work and your daughter? “I’m not coming into work this morning!”
God gave women yeast infections so that they would know what it was like living with an irritating cunt for once.
What’s worse than sucking a dozen raw oysters out of your grandmother’s pussy? Sucking out thirteen of them and realizing you only put in a dozen.
What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave? I don’t know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.
I was raping a woman the other night and she cried, “Please, think of my children!” Kinky bitch.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old.
What’s so good about an Ethiopian blow job? You just KNOW she’ll swallow.
I lost my virginity to a retarded girl last night… I wanted my first time to be special.
What does it taste like when you go down on an old lady?  Depends…
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks today.
What’s the difference between jam and jelly? I don’t jelly my cock down a bitches throat.
What is the difference between a gay guy and a fridge? The fridge doesn’t fart when you pull meat out.
How do you get a fat girl into bed?  Piece of cake.
How are children like cellphones? If you’ve lost one and haven’t found it in a couple days, chances are it’s probably dead.
What’s the difference between Sara Palin’s mouth and her vagina? Retarded things only come out of her vagina SOME of the time.
What’s the best part about raping a baby?  It makes your dick look HUGE!
What’s the best part about raping a four year old boy?  Watching him cry on the witness stand.
How long does it take to cook a baby in a microwave?  I don’t know… I can’t tell time with an erection.
What’s the difference between a priest and acne?  Acne waits until puberty to come on a kid’s face.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a poodle?   A dead poodle with an 18 inch wide asshole.
What’s the difference between a black guy and a pizza?  A pizza can feed a family of four.
What do you call four klansman pushing a pickup truck?  White power.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane?  A pilot, you racist asshole!
What’s the difference between a rock and a dead baby?  You can’t fuck a rock.
What do you say to a woman with two black eyes?  Nothing… you already told her twice.
Why do black men cry during sex?  Mace.
What’s the difference between a black guy and Batman?  A black guy can’t go out at night without Robin.
What’s white and fourteen inches long?  Nothing.
How many white guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  The number doesn’t matter because the white man will screw anything.
What does a white woman make for dinner?  Reservations.
What do you call a white guy surrounded by five black guys?  Coach.What's the difference between an ISIS training camp and a school? Don't ask me, I just fly the drone.
What's one good thing you can say about child molesters? They do drive slowly through school zones.
Why don't black people go on cruises? They are not falling for that trick again.
What breaks when you give it to a toddler? Their hips.
What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair? Cancer.
How do Moms in West Virginia know their daughter has started menstruating? Her son's dick starts tasting like blood.
A jewish child was playing with an ashtray, when Adolf Hitler walked by and asked "Are you looking for someone" 
Dark humour is like food, not everyone gets it.
What does spreading butter on toast have in common with getting a woman to spread her legs? You can do both with a credit card, but they're much easier with a knife.
A single black woman gives birth to five black children (not at the same time). All of whom are named Tyrone, and are identical. How does she tell them apart? Their last names
Whats the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina? Only one fifth of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.
What do you call 5 black men having an orgy? A threesome.
What's the difference between iron man and iron woman? One is a super hero and the other is a command.
I've got lots of blacks in my family tree, I believe they're still hanging there.
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because we killed the only one that had a dream.
A black guy and a mexican guy jump off a cliff, who wins? Society.
You know your girlfriend is too young when you need to make airplane noises to get your cock in her mouth.
Why hasn't the ebola vaccine been successful in Africa? It doesn't work if you take it with an empty stomach.
My great-grandfather was never afraid of the dark, he even kept a few as pets.
Number one cause of pedophilia? Sexy children.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive? Because she was a woman.
I spent 3 years looking for my girlfriends killer ...still can't find anyone to do it.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a fleshlight? Nothing.
What's Al-quedas favorite football team? The New York Jets.
If there's one good thing about Alzheimer's, it would be that they can hide their own Easter Eggs.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.
I told my daughter that I'm into incest. She's taking it pretty hard...
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Jews? Santa Claus goes down the chimney...
What do you get when you run over a dead baby with a lawn mower? An erection.
What's the hardest part of being a pedophile? Trying to fit in.
What do black people and bicycles have in common? They both stop working when you take the chains off.
What is the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne waits until a boy is 13 to come on his face.
What do you call an Ethiopian taking a shit? A showoff.
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot. The bartender say,''Aww cool where did you get it?' The parrot says,''Africa''.
People are surprised when I tell them my grandfather survived a concentration camp. But to be honest, most of the guards did.
What do you call a black woman that gets an abortion? A crime fighter.
What's a similarity between a fat chick and a brick? Sooner or later they will both get laid by a Mexican.
What face does a baby make after one minute in the microwave? I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.
What's the difference between Paul Walker and a computer? I give a fuck when my computer crashes.
Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish, but Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
Why do Mexicans never have Sex Ed. and Driver's Ed. on the same day? They have to give the donkey a break at some point.
Feminism.
Women's rights.
Luke Eidle.
Most black 15 year-olds in this country are decent, law abiding citizens. It's their kids who cause all the trouble.
What's got 5 arms, 3 legs and 2 feet? The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What is a pedophiles favorite part about Halloween? Free delivery.
So I painted my laptop black, hoping it would run faster… Now it doesn't work.
What do you call 40 mexicans buried up to their neck in sand? A spicket fence.
What kind of file do you need to turn a 15mm hole into a 40mm hole? A pedophile.
Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners? Because he can't do stand up.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? They don't. They arrest the bulb for being broke and beat the room for being black.
What's difference between dollars and Jews? I'd give a shit if I lost 6 million dollars.
One time I fucked this chick so hard, she almost came back to life.
What's the difference between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin? Zimmerman knew how to dodge a bullet.
A Jew, a black, and a Muslim are on a frozen lake, not talking to each other, so I thought I would go over there and break the ice.
Girls are like blackjack… I'm trying to go for 21 but I always hit on 14.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing you already done told her twice.
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit? Nine months.
What's the difference between a Jew and harry potter? Harry can escape the chamber.
What do you call a woman who thinks she can do anything a man can do? Wrong.
What's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player? A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
What do Sarah Palin and Iron Man have in common? They both had a downey jr inside of them.
What's a word that white people can call white people, but black people can't call black people? Dad.
What's the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of dead babies? I can't unload a truckload of bowling balls with a pitchfork.
How can you tell if a nigga is pregnant? Have her squat on a watermelon and check it for teeth marks.
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics? Not being retarded. 
What's the hardest part of watching a school bus full of kindergarteners go off a cliff? The erection.
How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles? Nail it's other hand to the floor. 
Black dads coming home.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up like an altarboy.
How do you fit 4 queers on a barstool? Flip it upside-down.
How do you get a dead baby out of a blender? Nachos.
What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer? Freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What's the worst thing about being black and Jewish? Having to sit in the back of the oven.
What's pale, white, and bounces up and down in a baby's crib? A pedophile's ass. 
What's the difference between a nigger and a pile of dog shit? Eventually the pile of dog shit will turn white and stop stinking.
What's better than winning the WNBA championship? Peeing standing up.
What's the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick down a baby's throat.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? Don't be stupid, feminists can't change anything.